{\rtf1\ansi\deff0\nouicompat{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Calibri;}}
{\colortbl ;\red14\green16\blue26;}
{\*\generator Riched20 10.0.19041}\viewkind4\uc1 
\pard\keepn\cf1\fs48\lang9 Demo Story\cf0\b\par
\fs36\par

\pard\sl276\slmult1\cf1 Chapter 1: New Home\cf0\b0\fs24\par
\par

\pard\ri-72\sl276\slmult1\cf1 A flash appeared on the sky of Elerica one faithful day that altered its future forever. The continent's creatures looked at the sky as a bright light emerged from the distant atmosphere before something that looked like a meteor fell. The object landed on the ground with such force that it eliminated all life within a kilometer radius, leaving a crater. From the center of impact emerged a female figure with white-golden clothes and long blonde hair, inspecting her soundings. In front of her right palm was levitating a small blue magical orb containing life itself. She took a moment to look at this orb, her most prized possession, and positioned it in front of her chest, bearing a deep breath before muttering to herself:\cf0\par

\pard\sl276\slmult1\cf1\par
I did it. I managed to find a new home for us.\cf0\par
\cf1\par
She almost cried from finally being able to feel the ground after ages of travel and hardship. As she was ready to start examining the area around her, she heard behind her an immense, deep, and loud flapping sound from a creature closing by before it landed on the soil. The woman could sense the mountainous size of this creature as it touched the ground, and it quickly became clear to her that this was no ordinary creature. She froze for a fraction as thoughts started flooding her mind. As she began turning around to confront this being, it spoke:\cf0\par
\cf1\par
Who are you? Asked her, the creature with a deep deafening voice that sounded like an endless abyss.\cf0\par
\cf1\par
As the woman finally turned, she witnessed a giant being with immense wings and an extended tail. Its head was comparable to a serpent with spiky horns, its body was lengthy like a buffed viper, and its four legs looked like an eagle's despite being more prominent with long sharp nails that could easily pierce through mountains. By examining it, she understood this was no ordinary being and knew well not to disturb it.\cf0\par
\cf1\par
I am Alphaella, a goddess from far away, she said with a charming yet determined tone.\cf0\par
\cf1\par
You broke my barrier, intriguing, responded the beast while inspecting Aplhaella.\cf0\par
\cf1\par
An ancient protective barrier guarded this place against trespassers, and Alphaella had to shatter it to enter this location. This barrier seemed to be a creation of this beast, dreadful news for her as undoubtedly such a powerful being wouldn't tolerate something like this.\cf0\par
\par
\par
\cf1 So this barrier was your doing, Alphaella responded.\cf0\par
\par
\cf1 Correct, the beast answered with anger.\cf0\par
\cf1\par
Aplhaella sensed the hostility in his tone as he stated that. The aura around him was unpleasant, and his eyes penetrated her gaze.\cf0\par
\cf1\par
I am sorry for arriving uninvited to this land, you are...?\cf0\par
\cf1\par
I am Garka, dragon overlord Garka, ruler of this land.\cf0\par
\cf1\par
While Garka introduced himself, he spread his wings, trying to show off that he was in control.\cf0\par
\cf1\par
I don't search for a quarrel; if that is what you try to do. I come in peace; please hear me--\cf0\par
\cf1\par
But I am! Shouted Garka, cutting Aplhaella's sentence mid through\cf0\par
\cf1\par
Garka swiftly attacked Alphaella with unimaginable force with clear intent to kill. He utilized his legs to leap onward and continued accelerating momentum with his massive wings. Though everything was not over when Alphaella managed to jump sideways at an even more significant speed, evading his attack successfully. Garka went past Alphaella, lading on the other side of the crater; noticing the unsuccessful strike, he quickly turned to face her again, now more enraged.\cf0\par
\cf1\par
Please hear me out, Garka; I come in peace! Aplhaella yelled, hoping to reason with him.\cf0\par
\cf1\par
Do you want me to believe that after forcefully entering my domain? Haha!\cf0\par
\cf1\par
Alphaella knew he was right to question her after what she had done. To have set a barrier, you bet he wanted to avoid any trespassers. Even so, She had to convince him that she wasn't there to disturb his tranquility. But before she could say anything else, Garka struck again even more fiercely. Aplhaella tried again to avoid it but was in vain; Garka was too fast for this to happen. Instead, in a blink of an eye, she stayed firm to block the attack. She lifted her left palm to cast a luminous golden round barrier around her. Garka clashed with it with such force that a bright blinding light illuminated the area from the point of a collision resulting in another failed attempt to land a hit.\cf0\par
\cf1\par
You are skilled; no wonder you managed to break in here. Said Garka confidently as he backed a bit to prepare for his next move.\cf0\par
\cf1\par
This fight is unnecessary, Dragonlord!\cf0\par
\cf1\par
Shut up and die! Screamed Garka with all his might while launching forward.\cf0\par
\cf1\par
By this time, the crater got transformed into an arena between gods. Garka was performing attack after attack trying multiple methods to breach her magical barrier. Aplhaella stayed on the defensive as she didn't want to harm him in any way. But from the confident point of view of Garka, she seemed cornered and scared. It didn't take long before the cracks started appearing in the protective barrier with each attack. Alphaella knew it could not last long and had to think of a plan. As Garka was close to delivering the final strike to break the protective shield, Alphaella raised her hands close to her chest, touching both together, and started casting a spell.\cf0\par
\cf1\par
Divine spirit, strength, come forth!\cf0\par
\cf1\par
An immense bright yellow light started radiating from her chest, nullifying even the light from the sun, blinding Garka for a moment and stopping him on his toes. Garka never saw a spell that strong in his life and backed away. That was the realization that he misjudged the capabilities of Alphaella. As light surged in the area, he was ready to be hit by a powerful spell, but such a thing never happened. Garka never got struck by anything. As the light was diminishing, Garka spoke again.\cf0\par
\cf1\par
What, was this just for show? Haha, you are an interesting one.\cf0\par
\cf1\par
Yeah, she's pretty extreme sometimes, another unfamiliar woman's voice said, giggling.\cf0\par
\cf1\par
And just like that, Garka was struck by surprise. Was there someone else there this whole time? No, this couldn't be possible, he thought; he would be able to sense her. When the light stopped emitting, he opened his eyes to see another two figures standing beside Alphaella. From the left was a younger and shorter woman with glowing blue eyes and long dark hair wearing dark-colored clothes with black-purple as the dominant colors. She was holding a big silver spear in her left hand, one end touching the ground with the blade pointing upwards. On the right was a very muscular, tall green man wearing a few armor pieces, not very practical as many parts were missing.\cf0\par
\cf1\par
And who might you two be? Garka asked, cautious.\cf0\par
\cf1\par
I am Laila, the spirit goddess, answered the woman with the spear.\cf0\par
\cf1\par
I'm Merul, said the tall green muscular creature.\cf0\par
\cf1\par
Laila and Merul are deities that traveled together with Alphaella to search for a new home. They are both great warriors devoted to doing everything to help Alphaella in need.\cf0\par
\cf1\par
Don't think you are intimidating me, Alphaella, because you have company, Garka said, smirking.\cf0\par
\cf1\par
A slight pause came upon the battlefield having the two sides waiting to see who would make the first move. Then Laila and Merul took their first action. Laila concentrated her power on her legs, bending and launching herself like a spring into the sky, landing in the back of Garka, and immediately performing slashing attacks. Merul started running, accumulating great speed and launching a fierce attack on the lower body of Garka, forcing him to lose ground unwillingly. Seeing he became outnumbered, Garka resulted in his final move.\cf0\par
\cf1\par
You got me good there, I will admit, Garka said in a weird calm way.\cf0\par
\cf1\par
But you seem not to understand, continued in a twisted way.\cf0\par
\cf1\par
Suddenly the body of Garka started articulating incredible heat on him and the area around the crater. It was so powerful that Laila and Merul had no choice but to fall back to Alphaella to avoid the rising temperatures. The ground started boiling, and a menacing red color began to spread from where Garka was standing. Any drop of sweat got immediately vaporized.\cf0\par
\cf1\par
Behold the true strength of Dragons, punny gods.\cf0\par
\cf1\par
Alphaella, this is bad; what do we do? Asked the worried Laila as she witnessed Garka performing magic that nobody from those three had seen before.\cf0\par
\cf1\par
What we always do. We fight till the end; to protect our people, answered Alphaella as she raised her hand again to perform a spell.\cf0\par
\cf1\par
Lord Irius, please, give me your strength to protect our people! Shouted Alphaella with sheer will and might.\cf0\par
\cf1\par
Out of nowhere, the earth started trembling from the power gathering in front of Alphaella. The clouds got sucked in front of her palm like a whirlpool, and the air became thinner to the point that a human being wouldn't be able to breathe. Then a tiny yet compact round barrier started expanding around the three gods to protect them from the inevitable attack that was coming. After a few seconds, Garka was finally ready to unleash his most potent attack yet on Alphaella. In a flash, the heat he generated around the area started moving fastly toward his open mouth. Then Garka released everything like a laser ray of fire to his enemies at speeds human eyes couldn't comprehend. The laser-ish fire beam had a red, yellow, and orange combination with electrified elements. It collided with the Alphaella's shield with immense force, emitting light to the surroundings like two stars colliding. The protective barrier seemed to hold without scratches, unopposed to the ferocious impact it was receiving. As the beam couldn't penetrate the shield through sheer strength, it split in two on the left and right, bypassing the barrier. The laser extended in two separate lines, destroying the ground, creating two half-tubes on the soil, and destroying everything on their path at a radius further than human depth perception.\cf0\par
\cf1\par
Impossible, Garka said, socked.\cf0\par
\cf1\par
You are only destroying the land you are trying to protect, Alphaella said to the stunned dragon overlord.\cf0\par
\cf1\par
Garka took a moment to consider his options as successfully killing these gods proved more problematic than initially thought. He watched as his powerful attack destroyed part of his domain without leaving any scratches on his enemies. He knew that destruction would follow if the fight had to continue. True, this could threaten his reign of stability and prosperity. He remembered that Alphaella initially wanted to talk this out, so he considered taking the diplomatic approach and swaying them to leave peacefully. It didn't take long before making up his mind and deciding to take a more moderate approach to the matter.\cf0\par
\cf1\par
So what do you want at my place? Garka asked, showing signs of reason.\cf0\par
\cf1\par
We come from a faraway land destroyed by a cruel war that led to its demise. We search for a place for our people to settle, Alphaella said while reaching her hand in front of her, showing Garka a small blue orb levitating from it.\cf0\par
\cf1\par
What is this? Garka asked Alphaella, confused.\cf0\par
\cf1\par
This orb, Garka, is where the last race of humanity is temporarily safely stored.\cf0\par
\cf1\par
By hearing this, Garka immediately got increasingly worried.\cf0\par
\cf1\par
Do you bring a whole race with you? You do understand that you will only bring chaos to my people. We live in isolation for this exact reason. Garka responded with anger.\cf0\par
\cf1\par
Different races have a record of clashing with each other, destroying themselves only to be replaced with new ones and repeating the cycle. A war among races was why Aplhaellas, long gone home, was annihilated and forced to leave.\cf0\par
\cf1\par
Garka, we have been trying to escape this fate for generations and believe this land is our last hope. We also want to live in isolation like you do with your people. I will always stand by your side to protect our people if a threat appears. Please let us live in isolation here with you. I will cast a more robust barrier around this domain to protect us from anyone trying to harm us.\cf0\par
\cf1\par
Garka was finally comforted by a reality he refused to admit was eventually coming. Deep within him knew that the day outlanders arriving in his domain would come sooner or later. Now if he wanted to swift things to preserve isolation, he would risk a war with these gods far superior to him. It was time for him to improvise.\cf0\par
\par
\cf1 Fine! I will allow you to live in this land; in turn, I want your cooperation.\cf0\par
\par
\cf1 Of course, we will do anything we can, Alphaella answered.\cf0\par
\par
\cf1 There are two main continents here. Currently, we stand in the western continent occupied by us, dragons. You are to leave this continent and go to the eastern one, which proves no use to us anymore. In turn, I forbid you or your race set foot on this continent again. Furthermore, you will always be responding to any calling of need. Consider it a pack formed between us for the rest of eternity; break it, and you all will face the consequences.\cf0\par
\par
\cf1 I agree to these terms, Alphaella answered with confidence.\cf0\par
\cf1 Thank you very much, Lord Garka; We won't disappoint you, be sure of that.\cf0\par
\cf1\par
I hope you are right about this. I will keep an eye on all of you. Until next time, begone!\cf0\par
\par
\cf1 After saying that, Garka started flapping his wings, turned around launched himself to the sky, flying towards places unknown to the three gods.\cf0\par
\par
\cf1 As the dispute got resolved, the three gods were ready to begin their settlement. First, they needed to go East across the great sea.\cf0\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\f1\fs22\par
}
 